Create call_060.md (#211)
ethereum/eth2.0-pm: eth2.0-implementers-calls/call_060.md

## Client Updates

### Teku (Anton Nashatyrev) ([3:04](https://youtu.be/Q0EbnFViJFk?t=184))
* Working on Altair adoption, most data structures almost ready, spec functions are on the way, and we can start to progress API changes.
* Updates into the latest reference test version are underway. Also support for choice tests was implemented.
* Started Prater, now looking for optimizations to make it run better.

### Nimbus (Mamy) ([4:22](https://youtu.be/Q0EbnFViJFk?t=262))
* We released this week v1.0.12 which adds Prater support. So users can try Prater with this release.
* Preparing major release with several performance improvements that were prepared for Prater but were not strictly needed.
* Peer management fixes took place.
* Have been testing slashing database refactoring. Quite satisfied after a month of testing; so, it will be enabled by default in the next release (coming in \~2 weeks).
* Phasing out `-dinsecure` flag. Reworking to use secure API by default.
* Started to work for Altair patches. We have a guide for a Nimbus Rocketpool out. Completing our API so we are aligned with the Eth2 API spec.

> ### Prism (Terence) ([6:24](https://youtu.be/Q0EbnFViJFk?t=384))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Prysm (Terence) ([6:24](https://youtu.be/Q0EbnFViJFk?t=384))
```

> * We realeased v1.3.4 on Monday. It added embedded genesis state, so users don't need to sync. Also added Pretair support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We released v1.3.4 on Monday. It added embedded genesis state, so users don't need to sync. Also added Prater support.
```
